Chapter 1 Smile, please.
Kit Chippans sat down on the harbor wall and looked across the bay. The sun was hot,
and there wasn't a cloud in the sky. But Kit wasn't happy.
There aren't any tourists this morning, he thought. I'm not going to earn much money today.
The weather information on the radio said rain, and tourists always listen to weather information.
But it was wrong. It isn't raining.
Kit looked at the old camera in his hand. It belonged to his father.
Kit wanted to earn money to buy a new camera.
In the school holidays, he took photographs of the visitors to his town.
He loved taking photos. The tourists liked Kit. He smiled a lot,
and he took good photographs of them.
Kit's town was on a pretty bay. Some people there earned money from fishing,
and some people worked in the small hotels beside the bay. Rich people came there on holiday.
They liked to sail yachts between the small islands across the bay.
Kit looked at summer cloud. It was the biggest yacht in the harbor,
and it belonged to Bob Chapman. Bob's clients were always rich and famous people.
Who has hired Bob Chapman's yacht today? Kit thought.
Kit thought, well, I know one thing. He won't give me any information. He never does.
Kit was right. Bob Chapman promised his famous clients three things.
Good sailing, good food, and no paparazzi.
In a house on a hill above the bay, Anna Lee was unhappy, too.
What am I going to do at home, Mom? She said, I'm 15, and I haven't got a holiday job.
And all my friends are away. That's not a problem, said her mother.
You can clean the house for me. I don't like cleaning very much, said Anna.
Can I do the cooking? The phone rang, and Anna's mother went to answer it.
It was Bob Chapman. He was a friend of the family, and he wanted to speak to Anna.
Hello, Anna, said Bob. What are you doing for the next three days?
Erm, not much, said Anna. Why, Bob? I've got a problem.
Some clients want to sail to Moon Island tomorrow. I really want to do this job,
and I've promised them. But Lily is ill. She cooks and cleans for me.
Can you help, Anna? You're good at cooking, aren't you? You cooked a great meal for your mother's
birthday. You'll only have to cook one meal, lunch. We'll have dinner on the island.
Yes, said Anna. Well, I'll have to ask Moon. But yes, I'd like to. I'm a good cook.
Who are your clients? I can't tell you yet, said Bob. You know why. I promised my clients
no paparazzi. Can you come today, Anna? They want to leave early in the morning.
You'll have to clean the cabins and make the beds this afternoon, and do some shopping for me.
Is that okay? Okay, said Anna. I'll ask Moon to drive me down to the harbor. Thank you, Bob.
I'll see you later. Anna put down the phone and talked to her mother about the job.
I'll work hard, she said. Maybe Bob will give me a job on his boat for the summer.
It didn't rain, and some tourists came to the harbor in the afternoon.
Smile, please, said Kit, and he took their photographs.
From the deck of a black motorboat, a young woman watched Kit.
A photographer, she thought. Perhaps he'll know about that big yacht in the harbor.
A car arrived at the harbor. The woman watched a girl with short hair get out.
A man met the girl, took her bag, and helped her into a small boat.
He was tall with white hair, and he wore a life jacket. His face was browned from being in the sun.
The girl put on a life jacket. Then the small boat made its way out to the big yacht.
Tommy, the woman called, come here. A big, strong man came up onto the deck of the motorboat.
He wore a large white hat and a jacket.
What do you want, Jade? He asked.
The woman looked at Kit, then across the water at Anna on summer cloud.
What do you think? She asked, yes or no.
Tommy understood. He touched his jacket, where he had a small gun.
He suddenly smiled. Yes, my dear. He answered.
Track three. In a house on a hill above the bay, Anna Lee was unhappy too.
What am I going to do at home, Mom? She said, I'm 15, and I haven't got a holiday job.
And all my friends are away.
That's not a problem, said her mother. You can clean the house for me.
I don't like cleaning very much, said Anna. Can I do the cooking?
The phone rang, and Anna's mother went to answer it.
It was Bob Chapman. He was a friend of the family, and he wanted to speak to Anna.
Hello, Anna, said Bob. What are you doing for the next three days?
Uh, not much, said Anna. Why Bob?
I've got a problem. Some clients want to sail to Moon Island tomorrow.
I really want to do this job, and I've promised them.
But Lily is ill. She cooks and cleans for me.
Can you help Anna? You're good at cooking, aren't you?
You cooked a great meal for your mother's birthday.
You'll only have to cook one meal. Lunch. We'll have dinner on the island.
Chapter 2. Harbor Life
Jade sat on the harbor wall.
Kit saw her. Held up his camera and said,
Smile, please. Jade didn't smile. No, please don't take my photo, she said.
Then she stood up and put out her hand. Hello. My name is Jade, and I work for a new magazine,
Harbor Life. And I'm looking for photographs of famous people.
We want to write a story about famous visitors to this harbor.
I've seen you take a lot of photographs. Are they good?
Yes, said Kit. He smiled and shook Jade's hand.
My name's Kit Jipan, and I work here in the school holidays.
I want to earn money to buy a better camera.
Erm, are you staying in town? No. I arrived this morning. My boat's over there, said Jade.
Then she looked across the harbor at Summer Cloud.
That's a beautiful yacht out there, isn't it? Who has hired it, Kit?
Do you know, I'd like some photographs of its clients for my magazine,
and some information about them. You know, about their life, their work.
Could you do that for me?
Kit stopped smiling. Oh, I'm sorry. But Bob Chapman doesn't give information about his clients.
You can talk to his crew, can't you?
Asked Jade.
No, said Kit. I'm sorry, but I can't.
Yes, you can, said Jade. I'll pay you well.
Then you can buy your new camera.
She smiled and waited.
I do need a new camera, for Kit, and I do want to be a photographer.
And this woman is nice.
Why not?
I'll do it, he said.
Okay, you're hired, said Jade.
They shook hands again.
Come to my boat tonight. Let's say, at six o'clock?
I can't promise to get any photos of the clients, said Kit. That's okay.
Try to get some information, and we can talk about it tonight.
She walked back to the motorboat.
Kit looked at his watch. It was four o'clock.
I've only got two hours, he thought.
Anna's mother called her.
I can't talk, Mum, said Anna.
Yes, I've cleaned the cabins.
But I've got to do some shopping for tomorrow's lunch.
And, oh, I haven't made the beds yet.
Sorry, Mum. I've got to go.
Bob was happy with Anna's hard work.
It was a good time to tell her.
Anna? He called.
Stop work and listen.
Do you want to know the names of my clients?
Yes, please, said Anna, and she sat down.
Okay, said Bob.
They're famous film stars.
They're making a new film on Moon Island.
There's a big film crew on the island already.
But, Anna, you mustn't talk about it.
I won't, said Anna. I promise.
Tell me, please, Bob.
Who are they?
Bob smiled.
Well, she likes diamond rings and the colour green.
And he's been in two films with her,
and Charles Ford and Maria Chilini.
Anna got up and jumped up and down on the deck.
Wow! Chas and Chilini!
They're in all the magazines.
I read about them every week.
She always wears diamond rings,
and she always has white flowers in her room.
And he, white flowers, Bob said suddenly.
Anna, can you go and buy some white flowers for her cabin?
Okay, I'll go now, said Anna.
I've got to buy the fish as well.
Anna took the small boat back to the harbor wall.
She went to the market, and five minutes later,
she came out with her arms full of big, white flowers.
She stood in the sunshine and smelled them.
She was the happiest girl in the world.
I can tell all my friends at school.
I've met Chas and Chilini, she thought.
Kit held up his camera.
Smile, please, he said to Anna.
Hello, I'm taking photographs for a new magazine,
Harbor Life.
Aren't you young to be a magazine photographer?
Anna asked.
I'm 16, said Kit.
It's my holiday job.
I want to be a photographer when I leave school,
but I need a better camera for that.
Are you on holiday here?
No, I live here, said Anna.
I'm working on that big yacht over there.
Summer Cloud, it belongs to my mother's friend.
Yes, Bob Chapman, I know him, said Kit.
You know Bob, asked Anna.
Yes, he's a good sailor, one of the best.
I'm Kit, what's your name?
Anna, who are the flowers for, Anna?
Uh, therefore one of the cabins, Anna said carefully.
Anna and Kit sat down on the harbor wall.
They talked and watched the fishing boats along the harbor wall.
People stopped to buy fish.
And what about you, Anna?
Ask it.
Aren't you young to be working on a boat?
Oh, it's a holiday job for me too, said Anna.
But it's the best holiday job in the world,
Chas, and she suddenly stopped speaking and looked down.
Who, said Kit, Anna thought quickly.
Chapman, Bob Chapman, she said.
The yacht belongs to Bob Chapman.
Yes, I know, said Kit.
Anna looked at her watch.
I'm sorry, Kit, I must go.
I've got to take these flowers to the yacht and get some fish.
She stood up and walked away.
Her face was hot.
Oh no, did he hear Chas's name?
From the harbor wall, Kit watched Anna buy some fish from one of the fishing boats.
Then, with a bag of fish and the white flowers in her arms,
she got into a small boat.
Kit smiled.
It was easy.
He always read stories about famous film stars in magazines.
He wanted to take photographs for those magazines one day.
He remembered one story.
Chas, Ford, and Maria Chilini were going to make a new film.
He couldn't remember the name of it, but there was an island in the story.
Was it one of the islands across the bay?
Kit watched Anna take the small boats out to Summer Cloud, with the white flowers beside her.
And then he remembered another story about Maria Chilini.
She loved white flowers.
It's them.
It's Chas and Chilini.
I've got some information now, Kit thought.
I can tell Jade at six o'clock.
Chapter three lies and more lies.
It was morning and Summer Cloud was at sea.
Anna couldn't see the harbor or the town.
The sun shone and the sea was calm.
It's nice and quiet out here, she thought.
But Bob Chapman wasn't happy.
We need more wind in the sails, he said to Anna.
We need to go faster.
Anna looked up at the white sails, the big main sail and the sail at the front.
Can't you switch the engine on?
She asked.
I don't want to switch it on yet, replied Bob.
The engine makes a lot of noise.
I don't think Chas will like that.
How is he now?
I'll go down and see, said Anna.
In his cabin, Chas forward lay on the bed with his eyes closed.
He wanted to be back on land.
Anna gave him a glass of water and said,
drink this, Mr. Ford.
He drank it and then said,
I really don't feel well, Anna.
This is the first time I've sailed on a yacht and I don't like it.
When will we arrive at Moon Island?
At the end of the day, Anna told him,
you'll feel better soon.
She went back up onto the deck and thought,
shall I tell all my friends at school about this?
At 10 o'clock, Maria Chilini came up onto the deck.
She was beautiful, just like her pictures in the magazines.
Her hair was long and red and her eyes were green.
Her swimsuit was green too.
Her diamond rings shone in the sunshine.
She smiled at Anna and said,
those white flowers in my cabin are beautiful.
Did you put them there?
Yes, Miss Chilini, replied Anna.
Thank you.
And call me Maria.
She sat on the deck and said,
come and talk to me, Anna.
Anna sat down beside her.
It's nice out here, isn't it, Maria?
She asked, oh, it's beautiful, said Maria.
Beautiful and quiet.
Do you like being famous, Maria?
Yes, I do.
But the paparazzi can be a big problem.
They always want photos, photos, photos.
When did you first want to be a film star, asked Anna?
Oh, I was only a little girl, about nine or ten years old.
My father wasn't happy about it.
He wanted me to be a doctor, but he understands now.
Anna and Maria talked for a long time.
She's really nice, thought Anna.
The sun was high in the sky now, and Anna stood up and said,
I'm sorry, Maria.
I've got to go and cook the lunch.
What are you cooking?
Maria asked, fish, replied Anna.
Oh, I love fish.
Smart Maria, and she lay back in the sunshine.
Kit opened his eyes.
It was dark.
He could hear the sound of an engine.
Then he heard the sound of seabirds.
He stood up, found a light switch, and switched on the light.
He was in a small cabin without a window, and it moved from side to side.
I'm on a boat, and it's moving.
What am I doing here?
He looked at his watch.
It was three o'clock in the afternoon.
He tried to remember the night before.
Yes, I went to the motorboat at six o'clock.
I told Jade and Tommy about Chas Ford and Maria Chilini,
and they were nice to me.
They liked my photos of the harbor.
Then what happened?
I can't remember.
He sat down and thought hard.
Yes, that's it.
I wanted to leave, and I got up.
And what was it?
A drink?
Jade gave me a drink.
It had a nasty taste.
Kit switched on his mobile phone to call his father,
but his phone didn't work.
I trusted Jade and Tommy, he thought.
But I don't really know them.
Kit opened the door of the cabin and ran angrily up the stairs.
He was on the deck of the black motorboat.
The sun shone in a blue sky.
Tommy was at the steering wheel with Jade beside him.
Kit couldn't see any land, but he could see the sails of summer cloud
a long way in front of them.
Now he was angry and worried.
Why did I trust them?
He thought.
Tommy, Jade, he shouted.
What's happening?
Where are we going?
Jade turned and said, hello, Kit.
Do you want some lunch?
No thanks, replied Kit.
Why am I here on your motorboat?
My father will be very worried.
Jade smiled.
You went to sleep.
I tried to stop you, but you were very tired.
You can call your father now.
Tell him about your new job.
My mobile doesn't work here, said Kit.
I'm what job?
I've already told you about Chas and Chilini.
Why are we following Bob Chapman's yacht?
Jade held the steering wheel and Tommy came to talk to Kit.
You're a good photographer, Kit, he said.
We just want you to take some photographs of Maria and Chas
for the magazine.
No, don't be silly, Kit, said Tommy.
Think about the money.
Don't you want to buy your new camera?
Kit looked at Jade and Tommy.
Their faces looked hard in the sunlight.
He really didn't trust them now.
He remembered Anna's happy face and remembered her words.
It's the best holiday job in the world.
Bob Chapman doesn't like paparazzi, said Kit.
He'll just sail away from you.
No, he won't, said Tommy.
He won't have time.
Well, I won't take any photographs for you, Kit told them.
Take me back to the harbor now, but Tommy and Jade just smiled.
Track four.
At 10 o'clock, Maria Chilini came up onto the deck.
She was beautiful, just like her pictures in the magazines.
Her hair was long and red and her eyes were green.
Her swimsuit was green too.
Her diamond rings shone in the sun.
Her diamond rings shone in the sunshine.
She smiled at Anna and said,
Those white flowers in my cabin are beautiful.
Did you put them there?
Yes, Miss Chilini, replied Anna.
Thank you.
And call me Maria.
She sat on the deck and said,
Come and talk to me, Anna.
Anna sat down beside her.
It's nice out here, isn't it, Maria?
She asked, Oh, it's beautiful, said Maria.
Beautiful and quiet.
Do you like being famous, Maria?
Yes, I do.
But the paparazzi can be a big problem.
They always want photos, photos, photos.
When did you first want to be a film star?
Ask Anna.
Oh, I was only a little girl, about nine or ten years old.
My father wasn't happy about it.
He wanted me to be a doctor, but he understands now.
Chapter 4
Paparazzi
At four o'clock in the afternoon, Chaz came onto the deck with Maria.
Maria wore a white dress.
Chaz wore a gray shirt and trousers.
His face was very white.
Bob was standing by his radio and they went to talk to him.
I like the sea, said Maria.
There are no paparazzi here.
Not on my yacht, replied Bob.
Then he said to Chaz, How are you now, Mr. Ford?
Better, thanks, said Chaz.
But he was worried.
The wind was stronger now.
There were black clouds in the sky.
Is there going to be a storm?
He asked.
I don't know, said Bob.
I've switched on my radio for more weather information.
When will we be there?
Asked Chaz.
Soon, Mr. Ford replied Bob.
Look, you can see some of the mountains on Moon Island,
under those clouds.
But what about the storm?
Chaz asked.
Don't worry, Mr. Ford, said Bob.
You're safe with me.
I've been a sailor for 40 years.
We can take down the sails.
My yacht has a big engine.
Jade drove the motorboat quickly and soon it was close to summer cloud.
Kit could see the people on the deck.
He forgot Tommy and Jade.
He saw only Maria Chilini.
Her white dress shone in the afternoon light.
Get your camera out, Kit.
I need those photographs, he heard Tommy say.
No, said Kit.
He turned around to speak to Tommy and his eyes opened wide.
Tommy had a gun.
He touched Kit's arm with it.
Now!
Tommy shouted.
Kit took his camera out of his jacket and held it up.
Anna heard the noise of an engine and turned and saw the motorboat.
It was nearly beside them.
Where did that come from?
She thought.
She looked at it again.
That's the black motorboat from the harbor.
Then she saw the young man at the rail of the motorboat with a camera in his hands.
It was Kit.
Anna was worried.
Oh no!
Did he hear Chaz's name yesterday?
Did he talk to me to get information about Bob's clients?
No, he was nice.
I liked him.
But what's he doing here?
Bob saw the motorboat too and he put down the radio.
Paparazzi, he shouted.
And they're coming towards us.
I can't turn a yacht around.
There isn't time.
Paparazzi, cried Maria.
You promised us, Mr Chapman.
No, Paparazzi.
I'm sorry, Miss Chilini.
Said Bob.
There's been a problem.
Get us away from them!
Chaz said angrily to Bob.
And he and Maria went quickly down to their cabins.
Anna said,
I'm the problem Bob.
That photographer.
He said,
I thought,
Anna,
isn't that Kit?
The young photographer from the harbour.
Asked Bob.
Did you talk to him yesterday?
Well, I didn't say a lot.
Said Anna.
But,
I'm sorry Bob.
I did say Chaz's name.
Oh, Anna!
You promised!
Said Bob.
He was angry.
He looked again at the motorboat.
But I don't understand this.
Maria and Chaz aren't on deck now.
Why is the boat coming towards us?
What do they want?
Why hasn't it turned away?
Anna went to the rail of the yacht and shouted,
Go away!
Kit couldn't hear her.
She knew that.
But she was angry.
And she wanted to shout at him.
Chapter 5.
Pirates
Kit could see Anna's angry face.
And he was sorry.
But he was worried too.
We're going to hit the yacht, he thought.
Kit could nearly touch the rail of Summer Cloud.
He could see Bob Chapman shouting too.
Turn back.
Kit shouted to Tommy and Jade.
This is dangerous.
I can't take any photos now.
Chaz and Chilini have seen us.
And they've gone to their cabins.
We didn't come here for photographs.
Mr. Chaipan.
Tommy said in a nasty voice.
Thanks for your help.
He pointed his gun at Kit.
Now you're going to stay here.
Jade and I have got another little job to do.
Tommy went to the rail of the motorboat.
He held a rope with a big hook at the end of it.
He threw it over the rail of Summer Cloud.
Then he tied the rope to the rail of the motorboat.
Jade switched off the engine and left the steering wheel.
She had a gun too.
She and Tommy both waited.
The deck of the yacht leaned down towards them.
And they jumped onto it.
Now Kit understood it all.
There's no magazine, he thought.
These people are pirates.
They've come to Rob, Chaz and Chilini.
And I've helped them.
He watched the big yacht move up and down beside the motorboat
and thought, what can I do?
What can I do?
On Summer Cloud, it all happened quickly.
Bob ran to the radio to call for help.
Tommy followed him.
Jade pointed her gun at Anna.
They're pirates, Anna thought.
Tommy raised his gun and Anna screamed, look out Bob!
But Tommy hit the back of Bob's head with his gun.
And Bob fell onto the deck.
Then Tommy hit the radio again and again with the gun
and broke the radio.
And then he took the key from the engine
and threw it over the rail and into the sea.
Jade's gun was cold on Anna's arm.
Now, go and bring your film stars up here.
She said in a quiet voice,
and don't tell them why or.
She pointed her gun at Bob on the deck.
Anna went to Maria's cabin.
She tried to smile and said,
uh, hi Maria, come up on deck again.
The sky is beautiful and you can really see Moon Island now.
But what about the paparazzi?
Asked Maria, where are they?
I've got to tell her a lie, daughter.
I don't want those pirates to hurt Bob again.
She said, oh, they've gone.
Then she went to Chaz's cabin door and called,
Mr. Ford, we're nearly there.
Come up on deck.
Chaz opened his door.
I don't feel well again.
He said, then you need some air,
replied Anna, and she tried to smile again.
Maria and Chaz weren't happy.
But they followed her up to the deck.
Then at the top of the stairs, Maria screamed.
Tommy pointed his gun at them and shouted,
get out here.
Chaz, Maria and Anna went out onto the deck.
Anna looked for Bob.
He was lying beside the rail now with a rope around him
and his eyes were closed.
This can't be happening.
Anna thought, it's like being in a film.
Why have you come to Robis?
She asked the pirates.
Tommy smiled and touched the diamond rings on Maria's hands.
Small is beautiful, he said.
Then he touched Jade's hand.
Well, damn my dear.
But Jade moved away from him.
Oh, why did I speak to that boy yesterday?
Anna thought.
Where is he?
Is he a pirate too?
Track five.
Kit could nearly touch the rail of Summer Cloud.
He could see Bob Chapman shouting too.
Turn back, Kit shouted to Tommy and Jade.
This is dangerous.
I can't take any photos now.
Chaz and Chilini have seen us and they've gone to their cabins.
We didn't come here for photographs, Mr. Chippan.
Tommy said in a nasty voice.
Thanks for your help.
He pointed his gun at Kit.
Now you're going to stay here.
Jade and I have got another little job to do.
Tommy went to the rail of the motorboat.
He held a rope with a big hook at the end of it.
He threw it over the rail of Summer Cloud.
Then he tied the rope to the rail of the motorboat.
Jade switched off the engine and left the steering wheel.
She had a gun too.
She and Tommy both waited.
The deck of the yacht leaned down towards them and they jumped onto it.
Now Kit understood it all.
There's no magazine, he thought.
These people are pirates.
They've come to Rob, Chaz and Chilini and I've helped them.
Chapter 6 In the Water
The pirates tied Maria and Chaz to the rail of the yacht beside Bob.
Tommy pulled Maria's diamond rings from her hands one by one.
Then he went down to the cabins and came back with watches and money.
Jade put all the things into a bag.
Then both of the pirates went to the rail of the yacht and waited to jump onto the motorboat.
But Tommy saw a flash of light from behind the sail at the front.
He pointed his gun at it and shouted,
Hey, come out, now.
Kit came out from behind the sail.
Get him Tommy, shouted Jade.
Kit shouted, yes, come and get me Tommy.
Tommy moved quickly towards Kit and tried to take his arm.
Kit tried to get away, but Tommy got him.
The yacht moved from side to side in the wind and the deck leaned down.
It was difficult to stand.
The two of them nearly fell over.
Tommy tried to hold onto the rail and to Kit too.
And he dropped his gun onto the deck.
And then both of them fell into the sea.
Tommy shouted, help, help, I can't swim.
Anna ran to the rail and pointed at the water.
We've got to help them, she shouted to Jade.
But Jade jumped across to the motorboat and shouted,
it's not my problem.
Come back, you can't leave us here.
Anna shouted, we can't call for help on the radio.
Jade untied the motorboat and switched on the engine.
And the motorboat moved quickly away from summer cloud.
Anna looked at the worried faces of Chas and Maria.
This isn't real, she thought.
Then Bob shouted, Anna, get the life jackets.
Anna heard Bob's voice.
He was okay.
He shouted again, the life jackets quickly.
And now Anna moved.
She took two life jackets and threw them into the sea.
She couldn't see Kit or the pirate now, but she could hear their shouts.
In the strong wind, summer cloud moved quickly away from them.
Kit saw Tommy near him in the water.
Tommy shouted, help, help, and tried to stay up.
Kit swam to him and held his head out of the water.
Then he saw the two life jackets.
Come on, he shouted, we've got to get those life jackets.
But Tommy just shouted, help, help, I can't swim.
Kit held Tommy and swam to the life jackets.
It was difficult.
Tommy was heavy in the water, and the waves were big.
He lifted Tommy's arms and put them into a life jacket.
Kit was afraid.
The sky was dark with rain clouds now, and he couldn't see summer cloud.
Where is the yacht?
He thought.
They must come back for us.
Untie me, Anna.
Bob shouted, we've got to turn the yacht around and go back for them.
But you'll have to help me take down the main sail.
My head hurts.
I don't feel well.
Anna took the rope off Bob, but he couldn't stand up.
Then she untied Chaz and Maria too.
With their help, Anna took down the main sail.
The yacht sailed more slowly.
Bob's face was very white.
You'll have to turn the tiller, Anna, he said.
Turn it to the left, then to the right, slowly.
Anna listened to Bob and moved the tiller.
She was afraid, and her hand shook.
The yacht leaned in the water, and slowly summer cloud turned around.
It sailed into the wind now, and went more slowly.
They all looked for the two people in the water.
Can you see them?
Called Anna.
Then Maria shouted, there they are.
Chaz, Maria and Anna pulled Tommy up the rope ladder onto the deck.
It was slow work.
Tommy was very heavy, and his clothes were full of water.
Then they helped Kit onto the yacht.
Kit stood in front of Chaz and Maria.
I'm sorry about the photographs, he said.
I'm sorry, I told the pirates about you.
His body shook, he was cold, and afraid.
Suddenly Bob shouted, hey, watch him, and pointed at Tommy.
Tommy moved towards his gun on the deck, but Maria was quicker.
She ran and got the gun, get back, she said to Tommy.
Sit next to the rail, you two, Chaz said to Tommy and Kit.
Without his gun, Tommy was afraid, and he sat down on the deck.
Chaz tied Tommy and Kit to the rail.
Then Maria said, I don't like guns, they're dangerous.
They only belong in films, and she threw Tommy's gun into the sea.
Now let's switch on the engine and get to Moon Island, said Bob.
He looked at the dark clouds.
We'll have to be quick, there's a big storm on the way.
We can't Bob, said Anna, she pointed to Tommy.
He threw the key into the sea, and he broke your radio.
Bob was really worried now.
Then we'll have to raise the main sail again, he said.
But it's dangerous, in a storm, it could pull us into the water.
Chapter 7 Lost at Sea
Summer clouds sailed into the storm. The sky got darker, and it rained heavily.
The sails were full of wind, and the yacht leaned towards the sea.
Water came onto the deck.
We're safe from the pirates, thought Anna, but we're not safe from the storm.
Are we going to get to Moon Island?
The wind is dangerous, Anna. We'll have to take the main sail down again, said Bob.
I'm sorry, I can't do it.
I'll help, said Kit.
We can't trust you, shouted Anna.
You've already told me lies about that new magazine.
So, Kit, when can I read Harbor Life?
I'm sorry, Anna, said Kit.
I'm not a pirate, but I am a photographer.
I only met this man yesterday.
And Jade, that other pirate, she came to talk to me in the harbor.
She tricked me.
Yesterday, then I had the best holiday job in the world, thought Anna.
Now we're all going to die out here in the storm.
You tricked me, she said angrily to Kit.
Maria went across the deck to Kit, and untied the rope.
From his hands and feet.
Anna, we need Kit's help now, she said.
We've got to trust him.
Thank you, Miss Chilini, said Kit.
You can trust me.
Let's get to work, okay?
Now, let's pull hard on the main sail rope.
The main sail didn't move.
Pull again, shouted Bob.
They pulled again.
The wind was strong against their faces.
The heavy sail moved suddenly, and it hit Maria.
She nearly fell into the sea, but she held onto the rail.
They pulled the sail down.
Well done, said Bob.
Then he stood up slowly, and leaned on Anna.
Be careful, Bob, she said.
I'm all right, Anna, he said.
He looked at Tommy angrily, but I've never had pirates on my yacht,
and I don't like it.
Then Bob looked at Kit and said,
you've been a stupid young man.
What's your father going to say?
They tricked me, Mr. Chapman, said Kit.
They asked me to take photos of your clients, and then he stopped and said,
my camera, I need to get it.
I tied it to the rail up there.
He went and got his camera.
He looked at it and said, it's okay.
Put that camera away, said Bob.
Chaz was angry.
Don't you understand, we don't want you to take photos.
No, I'm not going to, replied Kit.
He held up the camera, but I took photos of Tommy and Jade.
I've got photos of them on summer cloud.
Tommy looked at Kit angrily, but didn't speak.
Well, let's forget that for now.
Said Bob, I'm going to send up a flare.
I'm worried.
I don't like being out in this bad weather.
There isn't a rescue helicopter on Moon Island, but they've got a lifeboat.
Bob sent a flare up into the sky.
It flashed red and yellow through the dark clouds.
Then he sent another one.
Please let the lifeboat come, thought Anna.
There are only three flares, said Bob.
We'll have to wait.
The storm got worse.
They couldn't see any land.
Through the night they sat and watched for the lights of the lifeboat.
It stopped raining, but it was very dark and cloudy.
Bob sent up the third flare at about five o'clock in the morning.
Half an hour later, they saw the lights of a boat.
Over here!
We're over here!
They shouted.
A lifeboat came and stopped beside summer cloud.
One of the crew came onto the deck.
We've come from Moon Island, he said.
Are you Bob Chapman?
Yes, Bob said.
We sailed from the mainland yesterday morning.
We've been lost for hours.
It's been a long, dark night.
We didn't see your flare, the man said.
The storm was very bad.
One of the film crew on the island couldn't sleep,
so he got up early to take photographs of the storm.
He saw the flare and he called us.
But I don't understand.
Why didn't you call us?
And why didn't you switch on your engine?
Bob Chapman looked down at Tommy.
Ask him, he said.
Track six.
Maria went across the deck to kit and untied the rope.
From his hands and feet.
Anna, we need kits help now, she said.
We've got to trust him.
Thank you, Miss Chilini, said kit.
You can trust me.
Let's get to work, okay?
Now, let's pull hard on the main sail rope.
The main sail didn't move.
Pull again!
Shotted Bob.
They pulled again.
The wind was strong against their faces.
The heavy sail moved suddenly and it hit Maria.
She nearly fell into the sea, but she held onto the rail.
They pulled the sail down.
Well done, said Bob.
Then he stood up slowly and leaned on Anna.
Be careful, Bob, she said.
I'm all right, Anna, he said.
He looked at Tommy angrily, but I've never had pirates on my yacht,
and I don't like it.
Then Bob looked at Kit and said,
you've been a stupid young man.
Then Bob looked at the boat and said,
Chapter eight, Moon Island.
It was nearly daylight and the sky above the horizon was lighter now.
From the deck of summer cloud, they could all see the big bay on Moon Island in front of them.
There were already some fishing boats at sea.
Two police officers waited at the harbor wall.
They put Tommy into their car and came to talk to Bob.
We know this man.
He's Tommy Morito, said one of the officers.
We've been looking for him for six months.
He's robbed a lot of yachts.
Some pirates live at sea.
They sail after the big ships.
But Tommy doesn't do that.
He gets information about rich and famous clients on yachts.
And he tricks stupid people like me, said Kit.
Well, there are always two sides to every story, said the police officer.
Why were you with him?
His friend Jade asked me to get some information about Bob's clients,
said Kit.
It was for a new magazine.
They promised to pay me and I said yes.
Kit looked down at the ground.
They wanted to rob the yacht, but I didn't know that.
I didn't try to trick Anna, but I did give them information and I'm sorry about that.
But you jumped onto Summer Cloud with the other pirates, didn't you?
The police officer asked.
Yes, but I'm not a pirate, Kit said quietly.
I came to help Mr Chapman.
He took his camera out of his jacket.
I took photos of the pirates.
I have photos of Tommy taking Miss Chilini's diamond rings and photos of Jade.
That's good, said the police officer.
Photos will help us a lot.
Kit did help us, said Bob.
He helped us get through the storm.
He trusted those people.
That was his problem.
What happens now, officer?
I've called the police on the mainland, said the police officer.
They're going to send a helicopter to take Tommy Morito back today.
The harbor police are already looking for Jade.
We all need to ask you all some questions, too.
We'll come back after your breakfast.
The police officers got into the car and took Tommy away.
Some people from the film crew came to take them to their hotel and gave them a big breakfast.
Chaz took Kit to meet one of the film's cameramen.
This young man wants to be a photographer, said Chaz.
Can he work with you this week?
He smiled at Kit.
What do you think, Kit?
You can learn a lot from the film crew.
Why don't you stay with us?
And maybe you can be in the film, too.
Maria said,
You'll earn some money to buy your new camera.
Call your father and ask him.
Kit looked at Maria and Chaz.
Then he smiled for the first time that day.
Thank you, he said.
But it isn't a pirate film, is it?
The sun shone and there was a good wind.
Anna stood at the rail of Summer Cloud.
Moon Island was behind them.
She could see Kit and Chaz and Maria on the harbour wall.
Goodbye!
We'll see you soon, she called.
She sat down again.
Is Bob angry with me?
She thought.
I told Kit about Bob's clients.
And that was the start of all our problems.
But Bob Chapman was a kind man.
We all do stupid things, Anna.
He said,
Kit has learned that too.
You did well yesterday.
You helped to take down the mainsail and put it up again.
You sailed Summer Cloud in a storm.
That's not easy.
Why don't you sail the yacht back?
Anna smiled and said,
Thanks Bob.
They heard a noise in the sky and looked up.
The police helicopter was above them.
And inside it they could see Tommy Morito.
Goodbye, pirate!
Anna shouted.
We won't see you again.
Raised the mainsail, Anna.
Said Bob.
Anna pulled hard on the main rope.
And soon the sail was higher in the air and full of wind.
Soon they were out of the bay.
She looked back,
but she couldn't see the people on the harbour wall.
But perhaps I'll see Kit again.
She thought happily.